---
layout: post
uuid: d992fad5-a1ed-4867-8cfa-1690ee2bd2fc
title: notes
---

Going through the speaker list at [thenexthope][], and seeing how many notes I
have written in tasque made me realize I consume way more than I can follow up
on. Prioritization aside, just getting this down for posterity is important, and
what better way than to public random notes on the internet? (Seriously, I need
a better scheme than this, preferrable one that following the [antihacking][]
idea I posted earlier. This post will probably be split into a few ones later,
but its better to push early and often, before this stuff slips away.

FossCon
-------
  Great convention, organized by JonathanD

  * Lots of talks involved open education, not just in using FOSS technologies
  for IT infrastructure, but to take advantage of real world excercises,
  contributing to code/documentation/art/testing in projects that people will
  actually use.

    * hkcmp
    * freebay / nomoola
    * collectivefoundation
    * aaaarg.org
    * publiccollectors
    * collectivefoundation
    * thepublicschool.org
    * learningsite.info

  * From the talk on community management given by kloeri

    * define what you want from the community early on
    * changing direction is ok as long as everyone is moving in the same
    direction
    * leave trivial bugs as low hanging fruit
    * be open about exploitation of users to turn them into contributors
    * take "bad" patches to illustrate ease of contribution
    * attribute contributions even if the contributor did not do any of the real
    work
    * upstream gets contributors <> contributors get credit and learning
    * users can socially engineer the developers to do work for them! (just pose
    the question as an interesting problem)
    * for another good example, see BFS from Con Kovilas

  * POSSE

    * productively lost is a good thing, stumbling around means you have a
    greater learning potential
    * RiT has a good FOSS movement going on, check out the foss@rit projects
    page!

      * Professor Stephen rocks, and so does the OLPC

  * Openhatch - job site++ for FOSSheads

    * Would be cool to add mission badges, integration with statusnet

  * Civx.net  - git history of laws!

    * Both built on pygears < turbogears2 < moksha

Music
-----
Music to check out - stuff that sounds good at first glance but I should
  consider putting into my regular rotation / radio show.

* fabriclive 50
* faded paper figures
* clermont
* frog eyes
* slothbeat kids
* icarus himself
* hyperbubble
* the humms might have a song that flaming lips took the chord progression for
  'I dont know where the sunbeams end and the starlight begins...'


Projects
--------
Its important to document work - really, *really* important. Here is a crappy
  start.

* Get pics from Prof. Jose
* Fix arduinome
* Build Problem Light (have a good chassis...)
  
[thenexthope]: http://hope.net
[antihacking]: antihacking.html
